the US economy is sinking once again no
chance to reverse course without a major
change with the same issues occurring
over and over we have a good track
record to use as our knowledge base
there is more anticipation of easy
monetary policies overreacting to events
and a liberalized viewpoint on corporate
handouts you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you today we are
going to talk about real estate we're
going to talk about the GDP and various
issues today beginning with this multif
family construction is at record highs
something that has been you know in
recent years obviously escalating but
the trend is there more condos going up
in your cities reaching Skyhigh they're
getting higher and higher filling them
with more and more people this puts more
of a burden on on the infrastructure in
the in the area so you have more people
more cars you have um you know tighter
spaces for people and you can see that
the condos are getting smaller and
smaller and smaller just packing more
people in and you know exactly what this
is all about Agenda 21 agenda 2030 where
you try to get people to basically
condense down into these mega cities and
then you have the ability to shut off
infrastructure in between the mega City
so making it more and more difficult for
people to sort of sprawl outward and
have them build inward into these mega
cities and have them go Skyhigh but
anyway what I see with this is that it's
such a burden such a very big problem I
see this in Toronto where you have the
subway system the Metro
System operating Way Beyond its capacity
now then you look and there are cranes
everywhere in the skyline the whole
downtown Toronto is going to be
a completely different picture in a
10-year time frame so I'm sure that it
is for all other cities that you see
this with your own eyes I'd like of
course to hear your personal Insight
where you live as well
and it doesn't look good for the future
because this isn't necessarily
beneficial to do what they're doing a
lot of it is bought on speculation as
well consumer price index for all Urban
consumers we're looking specifically at
the rent of primary
residents and you
know like everything
else for the most part because of the
Federal Reserve because of Central
Banking we see a rise but this has
gotten to the point where people have
realized that everything has become
unaffordable you can't buy a home it's
too expensive you can't rent the place
you want because it's too
expensive that's what's going on right
now this is right out of the federal
reserve's website I want to show you a
few others connected with that this is
the 3month percent change rent of a
primary resident in a US City on average
all consumers so where you have seen
stagnation in the past few months I
would say that just like the rental
rates you can see that there has been an
increase okay there are more people and
essentially what's happening is people
can't afford homes they have to rent
it's a simple matter of fact the worse
the economy gets the more people have to
rent
and also the prices at the same time
hold on to the thought about the prices
I'll show you in a moment rent growth
has decelerated in recent months you can
see what's happening right here however
let's let's be clear and you know it
it's rising as well this is the MF rent
index but it all connects into
this fa buy versus rent index shows
record high home prices in the US being
supported by Rising
rents now that is very interesting and I
see this
firsthand if you look at a lot of places
where you have to figure in have to
factor in what you're going to pay per
month okay that's ultimately what people
look at what are my monthly expenses if
I rent the place or if I for example
lease a car versus financing a car what
does it come down to and that is what am
I paying every month and it's so absurd
right now at this time that the rents in
certain areas are so high that a lot of
people say look I can get a mortgage
sure I'm not going to be able to pay it
off for you know 150 years but at least
I have this quote unquote home ownership
and I think it's a better idea than
renting but the prices just don't make
sense it's crazy in so many of the areas
that I have seen record high home prices
in the US market are being driven upward
by Rising rents in cities across the
country according to the lat latest
National
index and that to me is not a good
sign there are some fundamentals which
are off you know you don't want to make
it worthwhile for some people to buy a
home when they really should be renting
that is not
sustainable and the case S&P K Sher home
index price index found home prices at
an alltime record surpassing the highs
before the financial
crisis of course there are
Pockets but when you have to see again
all-time highs you have to start
wondering okay is this
legitimate should this be going in this
direction you have to question it
doesn't mean that it's not going to
break any highs you know you don't want
the S&P still at 500 you know you want
it to be moving in the upward Direction
you want to be new New Wealth to be
created and that sort of thing to happen
but you don't want it to be unjustified
so that's really what I see and if you
look at the real estate prices in many
areas the major the number one indicator
for Real Estate price is how much the
average person earns and how much the
average home costs that to me is the
number one indicator I talked about that
in my first book you have to know that
you have to calculate that for the city
that you are either want to buy a house
in uh for your own purposes or your um
you know property uh real estate
property purchases either way you need
to know what that ratio is at at any
given moment it's very very key it's the
most important in fact all right GDP the
fakest statistic out there one of them
anyway top
three look at it I just brought this to
you I think it was just a couple days
ago and it was at
0.6 for the GDP now forecast okay so
this is what they expect and it is now
at
0.5 it declined even
further this is what happens every
single time it starts off high and as
the time moves on it goes down and down
and down and down and the same thing
happens growth estimates we are going to
have 3% inflation next year we are going
to grow our GDP by you know 3% these are
the targets we have we're going to
achieve that the Federal Reserve is
going to work on our side the government
is going to create jobs and everything
else this is what we hear all the time
every month every quarter every
year and so on and yet every time they
get revised downward the only time it
was higher than what they expected it to
be was the introduction of Obamacare and
people
got hell screwed over this right here is
when you know that the whole monetary
system is a fraud the US has
problems beyond measure something they
can't dig themselves out of
but
Japan my goodness this is the
absolute failure look at Fukushima to
determine that but anyway
so Trump said you know our currency is
too strong partly my fault that was what
he said you see a decline us data comes
out you see a decline but versus the
Japanese
Yen I mean this current Cy is literally
there's no value left to it at all it's
zero zero this is you know I would
probably and I say this with caution
maybe it's better to invest
with the Venezuelan stock market or the
currency than the Japanese because the
Japanese markets are ridiculous
completely owned now completely owned by
the government by the central banks
getting in there buying up everything I
mean the largest shareholder for the top
I think it was 10 or 50 companies in
Japan are owned by the
government how can that be sustainable
how is that a plan oh don't worry about
it we'll just print up some money and
we'll buy up all the shares eventually
will somebody will want to buy them and
then we'll sell them to
them that doesn't work okay that that
has never worked and now you are holding
on to more garbage then you know what to
do with but you can't admit defeat and
so you're going to crash and burn it's
going to be painful let's move
on with this retail sales month over
month so we're seeing a little Trend
forming it's only two at this time
but there is two and that could continue
I don't know let's
see but you don't want to have retail
sales when it's such a consumption based
economy you do not want to ever see this
in the red keep your eyes on it it's
down you know a rather minimal amount at
this time but it doesn't matter any
Trend you need to pay attention to it
okay two little things that I just
wanted to show you down the drain waste
water with the most cocaine cocaine
found in Wastewater in these European
cities in
2016 and London my friends from London
congratulations you win the grand prize
what is it cocaine in your water supply
if you want to get high on cocaine you
should go to London and you should have
a
sip there's some other cities in here if
you're from one of these cities you know
congratulations as
well cheers all right this is the nnsa
not to be confused with the NSA that is
the national nuclear Security
Administration the air Force completed
its first
b612 life extension program
qualification flight test at the test
range it was a non nuclear test assembly
dropped from this Air Force Base and
anyway all wanted to say with this is
that this
is all in response to what is occurring
in North Korea at this time with with
Russia and with Syria with China and
everything else they're saying we are
preparing they make it public look look
look what we're doing we are just as
ready as you are we're getting our guys
ready every everything else I don't know
what's happening I don't know you know
with Syria and with everything else
North Korea and everything I hope that
nothing here will occur I've said this
before just wanted to note once again
that the sabes are
rattling and there's reason that we
should Express caution right now we
should be prepared we don't have to wait
for something bad to happen to be
prepared we need to have the essentials
what are the essentials I'm going to
actually I'll tell you this right
now I'm planning on writing an ebook
it's probably going to be in the format
of an ebook it might be paperback as
well but I think I want to keep this
type of information on my
website I'm going to write a book it's
called the money GPS
strategy and the entire your book is
going to be devoted to being able to
make income to be able to become
self-sufficient so all the little tips I
gave a few tips in my latest book global
economic collapse in this book it's just
going to be it's not going to be a story
book it's not going to be long and
detailed and everything else it's just
going to be fact after fact after fact
you're just going to get so much
information all these ideas ways to make
money now ways to make money when the
economy is terrible ways to make money
off of the things that you are already
doing
today and this is the way that we need
to see ourselves in the future look if
you lose your job tomorrow and the
econom is really terrible nobody's
hiring what do you do in fact I've been
contacted countless times over these
years I've been doing this channel since
2011 over the years hearing from so many
people so many poor souls that are
hurting right now and they don't know
what to do because they've been in that
job for 20 years and suddenly you know
their job is gone so this ebook or book
or whatever it is is going to be
something that every single person
can use the strategies within
it and it's going to be the detail that
I've been you know I've been just um out
lining exactly what's going to be in it
I haven't uh you know worked out all the
Mak made it all pretty let's say but
I've just been putting the ideas down
and there's going to be so much in here
I promise you this is something that
somebody shouldn't say unless they truly
believe it there is more information
solid information in this book than you
have ever seen in any other book
before and that
is something that everybody's going to
be interested in because as the economy
gets worse unfortunately people lose
their jobs and they're going to be
seeking ways of alternative income in
ways that are legitimate and everything
else so I'm going to do my part to make
that make sure that individuals are
getting up on that so it's going to take
me a little while so you know uh you
know how it works on here it took me 5
years to release the last book but I
promise it's not going to take me that
long for this one that's why want to
make it more of an ebook and try not to
put the historical analysis on it I've
already done that in the other books
there's there's the history there's a
foundation those books have it so in
this one it's literally just a barrage
of information and people already I've
I've you know given little tidbits to
individuals and they've been just
they're just dying for this book to come
out so that's all enough ranting if you
found the video informative please give
me a thumbs up I want to hear your
thoughts about the money GPS strategy
book ebook that's coming out I don't
want to give too many details about it
but you know as time goes on I'm also
working on another ebook top secret for
now so there's a lot coming out from
here and I want to do my part
to
be be able to help people essentially
that's really what I'm doing I do the
daily videos but now I'm trying to form
a way that almost like a school but
actually that teaches you stuff instead
of just you know tries to teach
children inappropriate content I'll
leave it at that inappropriate content
when they're way too young to know about
it uh and you know everything else that
goes on the deliberate thumbing down of
America that book Incredible Book um but
anyway if you appreciate what I do
please give me a thumbs up I want to
know what you think about the money GPS
strategy book and last but not least if
you found the video informative I know
you will find my books the money GPS and
my new release global economic collapse
even more informative the first book
talks about the four asset classes you
got the history you have how to profit
from it most importantly each asset
class has its own chapter just breaking
it all down the new book is a little
different touches on the familiar
subjects but then you get into things
like becoming self-sufficient how to
reduce your monthly expenses and ideas I
promise you nobody talks about I don't
know why I don't know if they think that
they're going to keep all the good
information to themselves my my idea is
give out as much information as I
possibly can if I know something I
assure you I'm either wrote it in one of
my books or it's in one of my videos and
spread out through the Thousand videos
that I have I assure you I'm trying to
bring out everything I can I hope you
appreciate that you you get the sense
that some of them and I guess this is
the the rant GPS today
but from some individuals you know you
read this book the title is great the
back is great you're just so excited to
read it and the build Book builds up and
builds up and builds up and then in the
end you realize you know you only got
like one good fact out of the whole
thing and I mean it might have been
really good fact but it's like I just
read that whole two 300 Page book I only
learned that one thing I should be
learning every single sentence and of
course that's really what I try to do uh
with my books here but these ebooks that
I'm creating is going to be like
specific topics like more specific these
ones are are books and and they just get
into like all these sort of different
topics trying to just spread seeds
trying to give you ideas and ways to
become self-sufficient for example these
next books are going to be like super
condensed they are going to be just
mindblowing I assure you I just hyped it
up way too much but I just hope you
appreciate that and I want to know if
you're interested in that take care